= OpenRubyRMK Mailinglist Archive Website

This is the sourcecode for http://lists.openrubyrmk.org, the
OpenRubyRMK mailinglist archive. It’s a simple
Sinatra[http://www.sinatrarb.com] website using
{mlmmj-rbarchive}[https://github.com/Quintus/mlmmj-rbarchive] for
archiving the mails from the mlmmj[http://mlmmj.org]-managed
mailinglists.

== Run it locally

  $ git clone git://github.com/OpenRubyRMK/mail-archive.git
  $ cd mail-archive
  $ git submodule init
  $ git submodule update
  $ bundle install
  $ bundle exec rackup -p 3000

Browse to http://localhost:3000 and enjoy. You’ll notice that by
default, the website processes the <tt>test-mls</tt> directory inside the
project root. Therefore you can just put your test mails there if you
aren’t content with the mails already there. Note that in +production+
environment, it will instead process <tt>/var/spool/mlmmj</tt>.

== License

See AUTHORS for a list of people that have contributed to the website,
and COPYING for the full license.

The OpenRubyRMK mailinglist archive website.
Copyright (C) 2013  The OpenRubyRMK Team

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
